ok ok 1 2 3 1 2 3 1 2 3
okay everyone seven eight one two three
four five six eight up one transfer
which right but Berkeley five seven
eight hand around the man's shoulder his
hand out there when dropping down one
two three four transferring weight to
the left foot
chef Mike five six seven and eight
Nutrition America's been with a pic over
one two three up four five six seven
eight a new position one two three four
five six seven and eight my girls on the
front side welcome round one two three
four setting up on each side of the boys
all been through the back finishes her
spots one two three four five six triple
seven eight we're having the boys one
two right three four slut-shaming
five six through seven eight one
that's my three girls my friends three
girls in the back come strip without
landing seven eight base in the back
facing the front they'll wipe out one
two three four five six seven eight
any the tag position hands down
okay well right now the Medicare across
seven eight
they jump one two three four five six
okay we'll get back to them later they
wait three sets of eight on the four set
of eight they cross seven down eight
jump one two three four five six seven
eight men go down one two sided 3/4 out
five six seven eight up one two three oh
five six on the sidewalk one two sides
with the temple starting with a change
of place simple spin 1 2 change in place
5 6 7 1 2 3 up lunch for rippling five
and six and seven eight out of one two
up three four tripling to new position
five six American spin with the latest
pick over one two three up fourth down
five six one seven eight changing
information one
my frontmen will end one seven eight and
one two three four full been slashes
through five six seven
my outside men fish one two three four
five six seven eight down one two three
four five six seven eight one okay from
my Backman litter one two three four
five six seven eight take back one two /
three four five six seven eight one one
okay that's the minute
five six seven eight one two yeah the
American six five six five six seven
eight one two three four five six seven
eight